Address comments from Chris Box and Brian Carpenter regarding the first point in Appendix C (#226)
larseggert/draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes: draft-ietf-modpod-group-processes.md

The list below describes some types of disruptive behavior, but it
is non-exhaustive.

> - Persistent discussion of subjects unrelated to a group's charter;

Reviewer: This is not only for (working) groups, so we need to be a bit more general; maybe

```suggestion
- Discussion of subjects unrelated to a forum's charter or scope;
```
